r1-log.md, before:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Amar Patel]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [March 24th, 2024].

## Log

### R1D1 
Started my personal portfolio website. Started to add and style a navbar.
### R1D2
Successfully added in a navbar with a logo. 
### R1D3
Learning how to add transitions to navbar items. 
### R1D4
Successfully added in a transition to my navbar items.
### R1D5
Successfully added in a downloadble resume link to navbar. 
### R1D6
Styled navbar resume link with css and began main content development. 
### R1D7
Changed navbar font size, changed background of webpage and added in a nice font for my homepage section.
### R1D8
Adjusted homepage text to a better place, and added in icons, while successfully changing the colour of one on hover. 
### R1D9
Adjusted homepage text again to be centered, added in logos changing on hover and redirecting the user to my respective links. Also adjusted the width aspect ratio.
### R1D10
Researched and found a couple ways to reveal one letter at a time and am trying to implement it with javascript. 
### R1D11
Added a JavaScript function that allows the letters of my name to appear one by one, when the homepage is first opened. Also, added in spinning text for descriptions!
### R1D12
Worked on CSS styling for homepage.
### R1D13
Reduced margins between text on homepage and worked on the navbar being translucent upon scrolling.
### R1D14
Researched ways to change navbar opacity after a certain amount of pixels have been scrolled.
### R1D15
Was able to change opacity of navbar, so the text is visible when scrolling.
### R1D16
Added in logo border and worked on styling and centering logo text.
### R1D17
Completed logo and homepage.
### R1D18
Added in content of the about me section.

Commit message:

About me CSS.
About Me page CSS.

r1-log.md, after:

# #100DaysOfCode Log - Round 1 - [Amar Patel]

The log of my #100DaysOfCode challenge. Started on [March 24th, 2024].

## Log

### R1D1 
Started my personal portfolio website. Started to add and style a navbar.
### R1D2
Successfully added in a navbar with a logo. 
### R1D3
Learning how to add transitions to navbar items. 
### R1D4
Successfully added in a transition to my navbar items.
### R1D5
Successfully added in a downloadble resume link to navbar. 
### R1D6
Styled navbar resume link with css and began main content development. 
### R1D7
Changed navbar font size, changed background of webpage and added in a nice font for my homepage section.
### R1D8
Adjusted homepage text to a better place, and added in icons, while successfully changing the colour of one on hover. 
### R1D9
Adjusted homepage text again to be centered, added in logos changing on hover and redirecting the user to my respective links. Also adjusted the width aspect ratio.
### R1D10
Researched and found a couple ways to reveal one letter at a time and am trying to implement it with javascript. 
### R1D11
Added a JavaScript function that allows the letters of my name to appear one by one, when the homepage is first opened. Also, added in spinning text for descriptions!
### R1D12
Worked on CSS styling for homepage.
### R1D13
Reduced margins between text on homepage and worked on the navbar being translucent upon scrolling.
### R1D14
Researched ways to change navbar opacity after a certain amount of pixels have been scrolled.
### R1D15
Was able to change opacity of navbar, so the text is visible when scrolling.
### R1D16
Added in logo border and worked on styling and centering logo text.
### R1D17
Completed logo and homepage.
### R1D18
Added in content of the about me section and worked on styling.
### R1D19
About Me page CSS and researched animations for tech stack portion of website.
